Hey everyone! You might have facing the
problem while booting your yu yureka
Let me show you
You can see my phone is stuck at the Yu logo and is not starting as usual
and some of you having this Android loading graphics while booting probably, not for all
and boom doesn't start at all and the Yu logo again
So first of all what you need to do is to
just remove the battery to completely turn off your device
and then just
replace it
Now connect your phone to the PC using the USB cable
And basically wait before moving on let me tell you some of the important things
and instruction that you need to go on further
So firstly I need to notify you
that this video is all about unbricking
soft bricked phone not for heart bricked
basically
In simple words your phone should be able to boot into the fastboot mode
I hope you understand what I mean to say
Ok so download these two files before going on. I have leave the link for them down below in the description
so check them out before going on
From now I gonna have you guys installed ADB drivers so just double click the a to be set up and just hit run
I'm going to try
and keep everything simple for you guys
so that you can have everything right on
your PC
it will open this up
As you can right here
I will hit Y and enter to go on and again Y and enter
And setup is going to pop up right now I hope you all know how to install a setup so just install it
Nnow you're gonna need to
extract the softbrick rar
So I'm gonna to extract it right onto this folder
now on your phone what you need to do is holding the volume up key just pluck on the device to your PC
and thereafter try tapping the power key without leaving the volume up key
Now I have my
phone connected to PC
I will just run last flash.bat file to install the stock recovery
So I'm gonna double tap that
oh yeah you will see some of the process going on for few seconds and then
It will disappear letting you know that
everything is fine
if that's not working try running flash
thought that as administration and that should work fine
you can just connect
your phone now at the moment
And now you can open the recovery.
So press volume up/down key and the power key all together until the phone
vibrates
now it should open the recovery, so
you have to delete all the user data so
so like wipe data/factory reset
Just select that and yes delete all the user
data
leave it for a while and then you reboot the
system manually
and that's all
All fine now, your phone should start normally
if you're having any queries just feel free to ask me down below in the comment
section
And hit that subscribe button that will be much appreciated
and thanks
for watching guys. Meet you in my next video